A search engine takes a given search phrase or word and finds pages on the internet that are relevant, ranks the pages, and then displays the pages in the order of ranking.

Lists search works with the article titles and lists, and a user searches with word to get a list of article titles with that keyword. The user is also able to do the following advanced searches: restrict the maximum article title length, get a certain number of articles, get a random article, check whether a favorite article is in the returned list, and search for multiple keywords.

2Dlists search works with article metadata (article title, author, timestamp, length of article, and list of keywords of the article) and 2D lists. A user searches with a word and gets a list of article metadata for articles that include the given word in its keywords list. The user is also able to do the following advanced searches: restrict the maximum article title length, get a certain number of articles, get a random article, check whether a favorite article is in the returned list, receive only title and author information, and search for multiple keywords.

Dictionaries search works with article metadata (article title, author, timestamp, length of article, and list of keywords of the article) and dictionaries. A user searches with a word and gets a list of article titles for articles that include the given word in its keywords list. The user is also able to do the following advanced searches: get the articles' metadata, restrict the maximum article title length, receive only titles and timestamp information, check whether a favorite article wrote any articles in the returned article titles list, and search for multiple keywords.

search.py: performs a search (in each part). To do so, input a word when prompted, choose an advanced option, and input an appropriate response to the advanced option question.
